extended commentary on waf disable (#1237)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/threat/web-application-firewall.mdx

### Disable WAF feature from your cluster

To disable WAF safely, update the [ApplicationLayer](../reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.ApplicationLayer) accordingly:

#### If you have more than one ApplicationLayer feature enabled:

> [ApplicationLayer Specification](../reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.ApplicationLayerSpec) can specify configuration for [Application Logging](../reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.LogCollectionSpec) and [Application Layer Policy](../reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.ApplicationLayerPolicyStatusType) as well. However, for this custom resource to be valid, at least one of these features have to be enabled e.g.:

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
The [ApplicationLayer Specification](../reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.ApplicationLayerSpec) can specify configuration for [Application Logging](../reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.LogCollectionSpec) and [Application Layer Policy](../reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.ApplicationLayerPolicyStatusType) as well. However, for this custom resource to be valid, at least one of these features must be enabled, for example:
```

> Example: WAF enabled, ALP disabled -- this is valid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid example: WAF enabled, ALP disabled 
```

```yaml
apiVersion: operator.tigera.io/v1
kind: ApplicationLayer
metadata:
  name: tigera-secure
spec:
  webApplicationFirewall: Disabled
  applicationLayerPolicy: Enabled
```

> Example: WAF and ALP both set as disabled, log collection is omitted but the default is disabled -- this is invalid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invalid example: WAF and ALP are both set as disabled, and log collection is omitted but the default is disabled
```
